README.md, before:

Compile Notes:
  "ollama-hpp" should be in the same directory as "ollama_chat"

To Compile:
  "cd" into build.
  Run "cmak.sh" to build Cmake Files (unnecessary?) (Run Once)
  Run "m.sh" subsequencially for any changes to build the executable.

---

Dependancies Notes:

sudo apt-get update

sudo apt-get install nlohmann-json3-dev
sudo apt-get install libssl-dev
sudo apt install libcurl4-openssl-dev


cpp-httplib
gh repo clone yhirose/cpp-httplib

https://github.com/ollama/ollama

https://github.com/jmont-dev/ollama-hpp
gh repo clone jmont-dev/ollama-hpp

https://github.com/BlackyDrum/chromadb-cpp
gh repo clone BlackyDrum/chromadb-cpp

---

ChromaDB Notes:

https://docs.trychroma.com/deployment/auth#static-api-token-authentication

---

BuOllama Build / Install, things to do. (https://github.com/ollama/ollama/blob/main/docs/development.md)

CUDA Toolkit Installer: (not sure it works correctly) (https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-downloads?target_os=Linux&target_arch=x86_64&Distribution=WSL-Ubuntu&target_version=2.0&target_type=runfile_local)
wget https://developer.download.nvidia.com/compute/cuda/12.6.2/local_installers/cuda_12.6.2_560.35.03_linux.run
sudo sh cuda_12.6.2_560.35.03_linux.run

verify -lcuda installed correctly.  (If error, gives you pointer to the correct spot.)
nvcc --version


Python Notes:

sudo apt install python3-pip

sudo apt install python3.12-venv
python3 -m venv ./venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install chromadb

pip list --outdated
pip3 install --upgrade package

pip3 install nltk

Commit message:

0.014-241123   - Changed fled_time to work with double instead of unsigned long.  Increases accuray.   - The program time clock has been changed from system_clock to steady_clock.  Increases stability.
  - A few simple embedding tools were added, accessed by the first character of the input line:
      Example:
        m~/testdocs/rubberduckdetails.txt         Import document into the database
        eWrite a quick story about rubber ducks.  Request info about the documents in the database.

      Provided that you have an enviornment properly set up and configured via VECTORDB_SYSTEM.PROPS,
        results should be displayed.  My defaults are in "vectordb_python_api.h" in the
        "VECTORDB_PYTHON_API_PROPERTIES" class.

README.md, after:

This is not a fully functional program.  It is a placeholder to work with and develop libraries 
  based on Ollama.

  References and sources are scattered throughout the code.
  
  All apologies for anyone or anybody who was looking for a program well defined and documented.

--- 

Compile Notes:
  "ollama-hpp" should be in the same directory as "ollama_chat"

To Compile:
  "cd" into build.
  Run "cmak.sh" to build Cmake Files (unnecessary?) (Run Once)
  Run "m.sh" subsequencially for any changes to build the executable.

---

Dependancies Notes:

sudo apt-get update

sudo apt-get install nlohmann-json3-dev
sudo apt-get install libssl-dev
sudo apt install libcurl4-openssl-dev


cpp-httplib
gh repo clone yhirose/cpp-httplib

https://github.com/ollama/ollama

https://github.com/jmont-dev/ollama-hpp
gh repo clone jmont-dev/ollama-hpp

https://github.com/BlackyDrum/chromadb-cpp
gh repo clone BlackyDrum/chromadb-cpp

---

ChromaDB Notes:

https://docs.trychroma.com/deployment/auth#static-api-token-authentication

---

BuOllama Build / Install, things to do. (https://github.com/ollama/ollama/blob/main/docs/development.md)

CUDA Toolkit Installer: (not sure it works correctly) (https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-downloads?target_os=Linux&target_arch=x86_64&Distribution=WSL-Ubuntu&target_version=2.0&target_type=runfile_local)
wget https://developer.download.nvidia.com/compute/cuda/12.6.2/local_installers/cuda_12.6.2_560.35.03_linux.run
sudo sh cuda_12.6.2_560.35.03_linux.run

verify -lcuda installed correctly.  (If error, gives you pointer to the correct spot.)
nvcc --version


Python Notes:

sudo apt install python3-pip

sudo apt install python3.12-venv
python3 -m venv ./venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install chromadb

pip list --outdated
pip3 install --upgrade package

pip3 install nltk
